aws-accessanalyzer: add page (#13341)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/aws-accessanalyzer.md

# aws accessanalyzer

> > Service for analyzing and reviewing resource policies to identify potential security risks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Analyze and review resource policies to identify potential security risks.
```
